adding github alt mirros to docs (#6679)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: docs/DOWNLOADS.md

You can get the latest beta releases from [GitHub](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplex-chat/releases).

In case you cannot access GitHub, you can also download SimpleX from the following mirrors:

> 1. [git.simplex.chat](https://git.simplex.chat/simplex-chat/simplex-chat/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot access GitHub, you can download SimpleX Chat apps from our mirror at [git.simplex.chat](https://git.simplex.chat/simplex-chat/simplex-chat/releases)
```
